What's new in ver. 3.2.4.0:
---------------------------
Fixed the issue of _Imports.razor file getting excluded while creating a project in the Razor design pattern.

v3.2.3.0:

Platforms folder filtered out based on the target platform opted-in for .NET MAUI App and Class Library project.

v3.2.2.0:

Conditionally defined supported platforms properties based on the target platform opted-in for .NET MAUI Class Library as well.

v3.2.1.0:

Templates updated to support .NET 8 Preview 3.

v3.2.0.0:

1. While creating a Blazor Hybrid App, an option to abstract the Razor components as a separate Razor class library

2. While targeting .NET 8, the StartPath property is set to load a Razor component other than the one defined with the default route address of '/'

3. An item template for BlazorWebView in XAML and C#

v3.1.0.0:

1. Added support for Markup, Razor Bindings, Comet, Reactor AppModels in the All-in-One .NET MAUI App project template

2. New Item Templates for Comet, Razor Bindings (Page, View and Shell) and Shell (C#)

3. Removed the explicit C# App project template, instead use the .NET MAUI App template with Design Pattern option selected as Markup for the same feature with more options

v3.0.0.0:

Templates updated to support .NET 8 Preview 1.

v2.4.0.0:

1. CommunityToolkit.Maui.Markup NuGet package bumped to v3.0.0 that supports TypedBindings

2. Introduced an ItemTemplate for C# Class (Partial). Made available in the section titled Code

v2.3.1.0:

CommunityToolkit.Maui.MediaElement NuGet package bumped to v1.0.1 with the explicit WindowsAppSDK reference removed.

v2.3.0.0:

1. Ability to add reference to CommunityToolkit.Maui.MediaElement NuGet package and configure it in startup pipeline for playing audio/video in a .NET MAUI app

2. Dependent packages have been updated to reference latest stable version

CommunityToolkit.Maui - v4.0.0
CommunityToolkit.Mvvm - v8.1.0

v2.2.0.0:

1. Template pack updated to support .NET 7 SR1 (v7.0.52).

2. Base framework is also included as a target (net6.0/net7.0) to .NET MAUI App project template when the target-platform is set to All.

v2.1.3.0:

The target-platform parameter is now updated as a multi-choice value. Can be opted-in according to the need.

And little housekeeping to improve the reliability of the templates.

v2.1.1.1:

1. Template package updated to support newly released .NET 7 NuGet dependencies.

2. For App project targeting .NET 7, option to add and configure Maui Foldable NuGet package.

Note: If the project target .NET 6, selecting the Foldable/Maps option will NOT have any impact.

v2.1.0.0:

Templates have been updated to support .NET 7 GA release.

v2.0.3.0:

1. A parameter named target-platform has been introduced that takes any one of the following values (with All being the default value).

While creating the project within Visual Studio 2022, this would be a dropdown menu in the project creation option.

All - Targets all possible .NET MAUI supported platforms.
Android - Targets Android platform.
iOS - Targets iOS platform.
macOS - Targets macOS platform via Mac Catalyst.
Windows - Targets Windows platform.
Tizen - Targets Tizen platform.
Mobile - Targets Android and iOS platforms.
Desktop - Targets Windows and macOS platforms.
Apple - Targets iOS and macOS platforms.

dotnet new mauiapp --target-platform Mobile

dotnet new mauiapp -tp Android

Templates have been updated to support .NET MAUI on .NET 7 RC2 (Preview release).

Earlier version:

1. A parameter named framework has been introduced that takes either net6.0 or net7.0 as its options (with net7.0 being the default value).

While creating the project within Visual Studio 2022, this would be a dropdown menu in the project creation option.

dotnet new mauiapp --framework net6.0

dotnet new mauiapp -f net7.0

2. For projects targeting .NET 7, option to add and configure Maui Maps NuGet package.

Note: If project targets .NET 6, selecting the Maps option will NOT have any impact.

For other features, refer to this article for more details:

https://egvijayanand.in/2022/04/20/all-in-one-dotnet-maui-app-project-template-what-is-new/
